#summary Release Notes for releases of this project.

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

= Release Notes =

== Trunk HEAD ==

  * ...

== Version 1.3.2 (SVN Revision 89) ==

  * Add metadata to python/setup.py
  * Rename Python module from protobuf to protobuf.socketrpc to avoid name clashes (Issue 17)
  * Join thread instead of busy waiting for synchronous calls (Python)
  * Protobuf 2.3.0 compatible
  * Reorganized tree to match Maven conventions
  * Support more options to start the Server (Java)
  * !SocketRpcChannel deprecated in favour of !RpcChannelImpl (Java)
  * Fixes for Issue 11 (Cannot create different server side handlers for the same service) and Issue 12 (Exceptions on server not propogated to client)
  * Fixed unit tests

== Version 1.3.1 (SVN Revision 46) ==

  * Allow customization of server socket with backlog and bind inet addr (Java)
  * Added Service class to make rpc calls cleaner and hide some of the setup details (Python)

== Version 1.3 (SVN Revision 33) ==

  * Protobuf 2.2.0 compatible and dependent.
  * Moving error reasons out of response message into its own top level type in the proto. Added client side error reasons to the error codes to be consistent.

== Version 1.2 (SVN Revision 12) ==

  * Errors that occur on server side are not relayed back to client. Client has new error reasons for them in the controller.
  * Client callback behavior is faithful replication of server callback scenarios:
    * Callback is called with good response.
    * Callback is not called.
    * Callback is called with null.
    * Callback is called with empty protocol buffer.
  * Added comprehensive unit tests for client and server.

== Version 1.1 (SVN Revision 9) ==

  * Added error handling. When errors occur, the client can find out what error occurred from the controller.
  * Started adding unit tests.